XYZ custom scorecard is an account origination score primarily designed for application decisioning and risk rating for the XYZ portfolio. It is used to define risk grade and set cutoffs for underwriting and pricing treatment. The score will enhance the XYZ origination process by leveraging multiple custom scorecards with increased discrimination power and accuracy over legacy scorecards. 
AAAA regularly performed ongoing monitoring activities to track performance of current scorecards. While the discrimination power stays acceptable, the monitoring reports highlighted limitations of models including overestimation of bad rate level and population stability shifts for some of the individual factors. XYZ also found that unexpectedly large proportion of applications were crowded in a single risk grade, which resulted in more investment in manual underwriting process. Additionally, XYZ is growing its business and targeting to a broader market while its losses have represented a large proportion of total company credit losses. Small improvements in the ability to assess credit risk can translate to material expense reduction.  In collaboration with XYZ, AAAA addressed these issues by developing the origination models against the most recent data.
During the initial screening phase, the XYZ portfolio was segmented to three subdivisions: full file prime, full file subprime, and thin file. Scorecards based on attributes derived from ABC consumer credit reporting bureau information are developed across three segmentations, while scorecards based on attributes derived from DEF are built for full file subprime and thin file. Additionally, FICO 9.0 and Vantage 4.0 are included respectively as part of the super score calculation. 

Statement of Purpose
I still remember the fulfillment I had for the first timeI used R to complete an assignment successfully without much guidance. After that I started my path to programming by learning R on Coursera. Afterwards, I took courses of different programming languages like C++, as well as Matlab and SAS which are more analytic oriented. Having had a general idea of what programming is like, I was triggered by the its power and started to explore the iceberg..
Out of classroom, my interest in programming led me to seek resources online to broaden my understanding of programming. I began to learn Intro to Computer Science at Udacity, which began with mechanism of search engine. Later I ran an official blog when I worked at EIU for which new collecting and filtering was very time consuming. What I learnt at Udacity occurred to me that programming might be a solution. Since collecting information is the first step for developing a search engine. It took me quite a while to assemble a web crawler but it could only collect information from a static website, far away from a mature product. I ended up with ready-to-use tools. After that I began to take a new look at programming. The more I learn ,the more ignorant I find myself to be.
After I started my journey at the graduate school I was exposed to a lot of projects that require programming skills and I thought I was no longer a beginner. But first assignments for course focused on Python wakened me up. I was always scored 80/100 while they were supposed to easy-peasy. I was taught that having jobs done was far not enough for a good programmer. It gradually dawned on me that efficiency is one of the key components of programming well, especially when it came to parallel computing. Now I am still working on courses about algorithms at Coursera.
Before I graduated from UVa, I got an opportunity to work at Huawei Technology. I was assigned to the Intelligent Q&A team, helping develop the automatic Q&A platform with Python. I faced huge amount of problems in the real world as well as challenges for the application of machine learning algorithms due to data quality and other special issues. Most of my colleagues focused on the development of the whole system while I was using Python to analyze data and giving out insights. I didn't look down on myself but I was really attracted by the process of turning great ideas to great product. At the same time, I learnt that real world programming was totally different from coursework again.
Now there's chance for me to learn computer science thoroughly which will help me line up dots I have collected. My motivation for the OMSCS program revolves my passion for computer science from two different perspectives. Firstly, based on my experience, I have gained much from self-learning and school. However, a holistic and structured program at Georgia Tech is exactly what I need, helping me see the iceberg in its entirely. On the other hand, I am so glad you offer machine learning specialization, which is a perfect combination of my interest and background. What's more, courses about big data will better prepare me for the data-explosive world.
Considering my current career in the finance industry, machine learning is also widely applied in the risk analysis such as fraud detection. And now a main barrier keeping us from using advanced machine learning methods is the difficulty in interpretation. I believe joining this program would offer me opportunities to communicate with people with similar background and be inspired.
Following graduation from this program I intend to specialize in machine learning and keep making positive impact. I may stay in the finance industry, trying to apply new methods to risk analysis while continue my contribute to the production. Seeking for opportunities in technology companies is another possibility. No matter which way I choose then, OMSCS will
